today we reveal the secret
the best crushed potatoes in the world
so at night we have no more before are
our mashed potatoes they are already
cooked and tasted we even started to
batteries and a little bit important the
exit departure August 8th in so the
yukon gold gold potatoes they get
be reinforced any apple
of earth that yellow flesh that can be
the yukon where we have in italy
with really what it took quantity
we made two pounds of potatoes
but what we had believed on dry internet
So, well, that was when we were
we can see this dinner at the lotois skate then
no cry recipe here in two soccer
happened to the fact that a part
liquid that we will do separately that unites
half a boat gives us so
butter sticks we made
we are going to put here directly
we had to gossip and rule of
the garlic we see we are already
that it is a little potatoes
so we will continue to spin the potatoes
once we have played the liquid
the purpose of all mixing his dirty work
super creamy potatoes
people we see in the head all this is going
to be mixed the last ingredient
secret is the cream which brings back a
big amount of cream on a half
cup of sour cream and some celtor
maybe to your liking
and to let you mix a mixture I
do not leave me with sour cream gmt
while it is necessary
this is good by removing a bit in
the potato of the congo that fuse on
first of all we are in family the
better pasta to worse and we start again